README.md, before:

# Reddit Jr Database Design 
 
##Learning Competencies 

* Design database schema from problem data
* Model relationships in a relational database (one-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-many)

##Summary 

 Have you played around with [Reddit](http://reddit.com)?  Take a look so you're familiar with how it constrains users and stories.

Requirements:

1. A forum has multiple sections (e.g., "Off Topic", "Introduce Yourself", etc.)
2. Users can create threads
3. Threads belong to one and only one section
4. Users can post a new comment in a thread
5. Users can reply to a comment in a thread

##Releases

###Release 0 : Design the schema

Design a database schema for your very own Reddit Jr.  It should meet all the requirements.


Use [SQL Designer](https://socrates.devbootcamp.com/sql.html) to create your schema.  When you are done, save the XML of your schema and copy it into the source file `reddit.md`. Then, take a screenshot of your final schema design, and upload it using a free image-upload service like [Min.us](http://minus.com).  Paste the URL of the screenshot into your source file (before your XML code). 

<!-- ##Optimize Your Learning  -->

##Resources

* [SQL Designer](https://socrates.devbootcamp.com/sql.html)

Commit message:

Corrects error in summary
The summaries in this and the forum challenge were switched.

README.md, after:

# Reddit Jr Database Design 
 
##Learning Competencies 

* Design database schema from problem data
* Model relationships in a relational database (one-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-many)

##Summary 

 Have you played around with [Reddit](http://reddit.com)?  Take a look so you're familiar with how it constrains users and stories.

Requirements:

1. A user can submit stories
2. Users can vote stories up or down
3. Users can comment on stories
4. Users can reply to other comments

##Releases

###Release 0 : Design the schema

Design a database schema for your very own Reddit Jr.  It should meet all the requirements.


Use [SQL Designer](https://socrates.devbootcamp.com/sql.html) to create your schema.  When you are done, save the XML of your schema and copy it into the source file `reddit.md`. Then, take a screenshot of your final schema design, and upload it using a free image-upload service like [Min.us](http://minus.com).  Paste the URL of the screenshot into your source file (before your XML code). 

<!-- ##Optimize Your Learning  -->

##Resources

* [SQL Designer](https://socrates.devbootcamp.com/sql.html)
